Now, this lesson on move semantics has been quite intense.
It's not an easy topic to deal with,
but investing the effort to understand it is time well-spent.
Now move semantics is one of the major innovations brought by the C++ Standard,
and it's an important tool for increasing performance by making cheap shallow copies,
instead of costly deep copies when passing objects around in your program.
Also, this idea of dedicated ownership is a crucial concept both for
concurrent programming when dealing with protected resources as well
as for smart pointers which we will look at in the next lesson.
See you there finally.